[Jolyne] Who is that?
[gasps]
This girl is Jolyne Cujoh,
but where in God's name
is Lang Rangler?
Am I be right to assume
that he failed his objective
and she still has the disc
in her possession?
If so, within a few moments,
she will meet someone
at the courtyard
and hand the disc off
to them.
I know that guy.
He serves as a priest
at the prison's chapel.
What is he doing here?
[Pucchi] Did she find out?
No, if she had any inkling
that I was her enemy,
we would be in the midst
of battle right now.
Hold on! F-- Father, wait!
I beg of you.
Whatever you do,
please don't sound that alarm.
The last thing that I want
is to cause trouble
or make some kind of scene!
What do I do?
Should I take the chance
and knock him out?
Sure, I could.
If it's to bring
my old man back to life.
Hitting a priest is nothing.
Aren't you ignoring
the real problem
happening here?
You've taken someone else's
work permit card and used it
to get me to open the door.
Pray tell, what has become
of the prisoner
this card actually belongs to?
Lang Rangler?
I know you just met me,
so I won't ask you
to believe what I'm saying,
but I have no reason
to lie to you, Father.
I was assaulted by the prisoner
you're referring to,
so I defended myself.
He's in that hamper,
probably dreaming about how
I knocked him out cold.
Regardless of the reason,
I am obligated to report
this matter to the authorities.
Sure, do what you have to.
However, it has to be
after I get to the courtyard.
Give me two minutes.
No, all I need is a single
solitary minute, Father.
Let me go to the courtyard,
and you can turn me in.
That's all I ask.
[tense grunt]
[Pucchi] Are you asking me
to overlook your wrongdoings?
[Jolyne] Someone's life
is on the line.
My own dad's life and spirit.
Surely a priest like yourself
can understand my situation.
Are you by your lonesome?
Or is there anyone else
in here with you?
[exhales] Nu-uh. It's only me.
I can't believe
I just lied to a priest.
But a tiny lie like that
can be forgiven.
And mentioning the discs
would send up
immediate red flags.
Please, Father.
One minute is all I ask.
In most cases, when someone
does something for others,
they expect to receive
some sort of reward in return.
To be kind to others
is to expect
that same kindness
from those you give it to.
And that cannot be
called unconditional love.
True unconditional love,
my dear,
is the reward of eventually
reaching the gates of heaven.
You may go.
I will pretend that our paths
never crossed here.
-[gasps]
But per your request,
you only have one minute.
I trust you'll return to
this gate by then
and not a second longer.
[grunts]
I had to let her go.
Despite her lie,
I know someone is hiding there.
If she does have
comrades around,
I cannot risk revealing
that I am Pale Snake's user,
even if it is to
dispose of Jolyne.
According to
the Speedwagon Foundation,
I'll know how to
hand over the disc
once I arrive
at the courtyard.
I guess
this is what they meant.
Hey, you.
Do you have a pass that
permits you to be out here?
[gasps]
[thuds]
I'm gonna say that's a "no",
so that must mean
you're trying to escape.
What?
What the hell happened?!
Sounding the alarm
was never part of my plan.
I'm glad I thought ahead.
Having a guard patrol
the courtyard
was the perfect decision.
[clatters]
[opening theme song playing]
[Pucchi] In the year 1988,
my life took a turn.
I met a man from Egypt
who possessed the ability
to stop time itself,
and we developed
a rather close relationship.
One evening,
he suddenly told me this.
If someone wished
to go to heaven,
there may be a way.
[Pucchi] He was young
and unbelievably beautiful,
but with an aura about him
that suggested
he had lived
for hundreds of years.
At that time, I was 16
and a student aspiring
to go to a seminary.
Hey, don't look at me
that way.
I'm just talking about
the human mind.
It's not like I'm telling you
to wither and die.
This Heaven
pertains to our spirits
and where
they go after death.
As your spirit evolves,
so too does your power.
Where they ultimately end up
is what fascinates me.
Surely, you of all people
understand what
I'm talking about.
It's there that one
will find true happiness.
That is, if they can make it
into Heaven, of course.
Though I'm aware,
joy cannot be found
by having an invincible body,
Vast riches, or even reigning
over all humanity.
In the end, the true winner
is the one who gets
to witness Heaven.
That's why I will
get there some day,
no matter what it costs me.
And how are you going
to achieve that, exactly?
Ah, well, I wrote the process
in a notebook.
One day, find me in Egypt.
I'll show it to you there.
If I ever hope
to figure this out,
I will need you to assist me.
[Pucchi] However,
before I could learn
the means of attaining Heaven,
[fire rushes]
[crackling]
The notebook he spoke of
was burned to ash...
by none other than
Jolyne Cujoh's father,
Jotaro Kujo.
Jotaro laid eyes on
the contents
of the notebook that day.
And with the book gone,
the information
was sealed with him forever.
Along with the man
who aimed for heaven,
Dio Brando himself.
For the next 20 years,
I waited patiently
for my chance
to obtain Jotaro's memories,
so that I could relive
the moment
that he read the notebook.
And finally, after decades,
I got it.
His memories were mine.
Along with the Stand
that surpassed even Dio,
Star Platinum.
I ensured that Jotaro's body
would wither and decay.
And although
his troublesome daughter
behaved in ways
I never could have expected,
it's all taken care of now.
[trickling]
[Jolyne groaning]
What? She got shot.
Jolyne got shot.
But by who? A guard?
Or maybe that
bastard Pale Snake
figured out where
she was going to deliver
the disc and he's hiding
around here somewhere.
[door buzzing]
Jolyne!
[crashes]
The guard I control
will take care
of retrieving Star Platinum,
so there's no reason
for me to stay here anymore.
With that out of the way,
I should head back
to the chapel.
-[thuds]
-Hm?
What was I doing
out here again?
Oh right, the disc.
I was given orders to bring
this thing back
without a scratch on it.
And I was also ordered
to make sure Jolyne Cujoh
is finished off for good.
Thing is, I don't know
who gave me these orders.
I can't seem to remember...
[loud thud]
[labored breaths]
Doesn't matter.
Either way,
I was given orders
to completely blast
straight through
Jolyne's head with this gun.
Damn it all.
There's nothing I can do
to help you now.
In your greatest
moment of need,
I'm utterly useless!
It's over now, Jolyne Cujoh!
-[ticking]
-[weakly groans]
[stunned grunt]
[ticking quickens]
[groans]
[splash]
[dings]
What the hell?!
My Weather Forecast
is a power to control
the weather.
At this point,
this is all I can offer.
Jolyne...
I wasn't able to save you,
but I might be able
to protect the disc.
And if...
you still have the strength
within you to keep fighting...
you may be able to survive.
[squish]
[man] Between the years
of 1887 and 1974,
in the state
of Florida alone,
there were more
than 50 reported cases
of fish, frogs, snakes
and sheep
falling from the sky
in unbelievable numbers.
It was caused by a tornado.
At least that's what they say.
And these colorful amphibians
are poison dart frogs
that live on tree tops
in Central and South America.
They carry a deadly poison
under their skin
that aboriginal Americans used
for their blowguns.
[yelling, groaning]
-[screaming]
-[sizzles]
What the actual... fuck
is going on here?!
[glass clinking]
[gasps]
[grunts]
This is...
Judging by the color
of these frogs' skin,
they are most certainly
poison dart frogs.
It takes less than
a few seconds
for the poison to get
inside the body,
causing the heart and
respiratory system to stop.
That's the bodily fluid
that's being
splattered all over
the place right now.
Pale Snake!
[exhales] But this power...
Could it be his ability
to control the weather?
Weather Forecast...
He's supposed
to have lost his memory.
Was he the one hiding
behind the oil drum?
I must go!
Where's the card key?
[squish]
[silence]
[thudding]
[squishing]
[grunts]
[straining grunt, groans]
Th-- These frogs
are deadly, poisonous.
So much just happened.
Did I get shot?
Is the wound deep?
Crap, not good.
The frog's fluid
is soaking into my thread.
[Pucchi] Someone!
If somebody can hear me,
open the gate!
Anyone!
Calm down.
Maintain your peace of mind.
What should I do
at a time like this?
Two, three,
five.
-I must stay calm.
-Seven...
Count prime numbers
to compose my thoughts.
Prime numbers are
lonely numbers
that can only be divided
by one and themselves.
-It gives me courage.
-Nineteen.
Twenty-three, 28.
No, it's 29.
-Damn it.
-Twenty-nine...
The filthy frogs are clinging
to my 800 dollar pants.
Weather Forecast
is at the laundry room.
He's too far.
I can't make him stop
these frogs from raining down.
Escape is
my only viable option.
Forty-one, yes.
That's right.
The guard that was
at the courtyard.
What happened to him?
Is he still under my control?
Hello? Can you hear me?
Guard, are you there?
Get back in here!
That is a direct order!
[gasps]
I need your help, Father!
Please help me!
Please beg God to spare
my soul from this hell!
Forty-three, 47, 53, 59...
-The poison.
-Sixty-one.
I'm begging you!
Tell the Lord, please save me!
Stay calm
and listen to my voice!
I need your card key!
Get over here
and give it to me quickly!
Will I be saved
if I give this to you?
Hey! Don't take it out
while you're over there!
You fool!
Why, Father, why?
[grunts]
Six... sixty-seven.
Seventy-one.
[guard] What on earth
is going on in this place?
All those frogs?
Oh, what a relief!
Please, sir, I need you
to open this gate immediately!
Wait, why are you here,
Father?
What's happening?
I have no idea!
A tornado, maybe!
Now please, just hurry!
I understand.
Right away. Uh...
T-- These frogs are...
What are you standing
there for?
We have another guard
in here who's already fallen!
You have to open the gate!
You don't mean he's...
Uh... for now,
try to remain calm, Father.
I'll go find someone
who can help right away!
Hold on! Where do
you think you're going?
All you have to do is hit
the switch over here
and the gate will open!
Yes, I understand that, sir,
but there may be a liability,
so I need to check
with my supervisor.
So please, just calm down.
I'll be back soon!
Ah, but I am perfectly calm.
The only one who isn't
calm here... 73, 79... is you.
Are you going to
abandon me?
I'll be back right away,
Father!
Now, Pale Snake,
take a disc from my collection
and hand it to me!
I can't control all of them,
but I can choose one
to enact my will!
Explode after flying
ten meters!
That's a direct order!
[gasps]
[screaming] My eyes!
H--Help me!
Please call somebody,
Father...!
I need medical attention!
Eighty-three, 89...
-Father!
-Ninety-seven.
If you want me,
I'm right here.
Just open the door.
You must know if I am able
to leave here
and call for help,
you can get treatment
right away.
That is what you are thinking,
is it not?
If so, why would
you not make it
a priority to move
in the direction of my voice?
-[door buzzing]
-[guard groaning]
Father!
The disc that contains
Jotaro Kujo's Star Platinum.
Exactly what should I do
about it now?
I took care of Jolyne,
but I can't just leave her
in the courtyard.
Did... did the gate
finally open?
Please take me with you.
Father?
Hello? Father, where are you?
-[thuds]
-This is my limit.
I can't hold back
the poison anymore!
And I dropped the disc.
I don't even know
where it is!
[heavy panting]
[screaming]
The rain has stopped.
But where...
is Jolyne Cujoh's
lifeless body?
If I find her,
I should find the disc.
[Pucchi] I was frightened
there for a moment,
but there's no way frogs
can defeat a snake.
Search for it.
Pale Snake's range of movement
is barely 20 meters at best.
I'm running a huge risk
by even being here.
If someone sees me,
all bets are off.
But there is no other way.
Huh?
[ribbits]
"The soul of a deceased
criminal returns to Earth
in the form of a frog,
in the name of trying
to bring
its companions to
the land of the dead."
I have heard that
in the east
there are stories of
a similar nature,
but this horror is truly
the personification
of that proverb.
Nonetheless, the disc I seek
must be around here somewhere.
Listen, Pale Snake,
I want you to sweep the area
between where you are
and the entrance to the gate.
The guard may have
taken it earlier.
It should be in
that direction.
[squishes]
Ah, here it is!
I have retrieved the disc.
[Jolyne] Thanks a lot.
I've been waiting
for you to find where it was.
[both gasp]
[epic music playing]
[gasps]
God damn it!
This is so gross.
They're all over my face.
Makes me wanna throw up.
The poison only comes out
when the frogs splatter
on impact,
so if they don't explode,
they're harmless.
That's why I made a net
using live frogs,
in order to lessen the impact
of the frogs still falling.
Which allowed me to lay in wait
for you to locate the disc.
[gasps]
It doesn't matter!
[flapping]
You lost!
Accept your fate and die!
Actually, it...
was already here.
The Speedwagon Foundation's
messenger wasn't human.
You just didn't even see that
it was here right on time.
Weaving through the deadly rain
of frogs like an angel,
it made it to this courtyard.
Savage Guardian is the name
of that pigeon.
And like all trained
carrier pigeons,
it will bring the disc
to its rightful place.
[growls]
[Pucchi] Pale Snake! The gun
that the guard dropped earlier
is still over near the gate!
Blow that bird out of the sky!
[clicking]
Ugh, idiotic guard!
He completely emptied
the clip of bullets. Damn it!
I won.
Don't underestimate me,
you insolent brat!
This changes nothing!
Even with Star Platinum
returned,
your father will be
nothing more
than a broken puppet!
He will never be able
to recognize you
as his own daughter again!
This little game is over!
[guard1 ] Hey look!
There's a guard
knocked out over there!
[guard 2]
Don't step on the frogs!
And check the courtyard!
There might be someone else!
No, not yet.
I can't faint here.
The Stand User
has to be nearby somewhere.
I have to find out
who Pale Snake really is,
and the User still has
my father's memory disc!
Now's the best chance
I'm gonna get
to discover who they are!
[inmate 1] Hey!
Look outside the window!
[inmate 2] Oh my god!
Unbelievable!
It's a bloody miracle!
[grunts]
[inmate 1] But who's gonna
clean up this mess?
[Pucchi]
Nothing has changed at all.
The only reason I stole
Star Platinum in
the first place
was to defeat Jotaro Kujo
and avenge the death
of my best friend.
What matters most
is the memory disc,
and it still remains
in my possession.
Everything is going as planned.
The instructions on
how to reach heaven
can only be found in
Jotaro's memory.
-[crack]
-[squirt]
[grunts, exhales]
[man] An abnormal occurrence
where frogs rained down
from the sky solely
in the prison courtyard.
Through the chaos
of this unexplainable event,
Jolyne's attempt at escaping
went unquestioned.
And thanks to
a feathered friend,
the Speedwagon Foundation
obtained the disc
which contains
Jotaro Kujo's Star Platinum.
However,
without the memory disc,
Jotaro's mind and soul
will never be restored.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]
[Pale Snake] Sports Maximum.
This is the bone
that I want to ask you about.
Using your unique abilities,
there is something
I would like to try.
Really?
Does that belong to a human?
Whose bone is it?
That answer
is none of your business.
Let's just say it belongs
to an old friend of mine.
The bone of my dear friend,
the great Dio.